San Antonio goes 20 year old Tim Dunn is
a unique basketball player I started
playing in the ninth grade I was 14 15
16 points 25 30 hours last season was
his but here in the NBA he was voted the
league's top you come up compare I one
dick Marin and I'm knobblies got you
know how good I was Tim Dunn has a
complete game he can shoot see the
railroad running at all he can pass what
are you doing man and he came up short
it's born in the US Virgin Islands it's
an awesome place it was a blessing
medical care Tim Duncan taking big way
in the basket world and many a look to
him to help look out left Michael Jordan
or not a trouble or what
hey that's the price off I think I do
bought us are like every nothing I can
keep this up his messes been pressure
have to play one play well every night
I'm King is for sure because humor izing
ability court he has the patella to be
the best player League know being a
sedation yeah little more the arco arena
in sacramento calif all Tim don't let
his route silentio spur to a battle
against the secretary Kang and their
flashes are Jason William needing a win
in there to make the playoffs at King's
Cup quick looks here's a great balance p
bar Jason Williams then appear on the
walkers him the King Ken Williams flaps
theater and I'm here to believe 16
Williams it'll fall ain't gonna probe
the Kings are a good start the kings of
diva so started well as eluded the Spurs
twin my defense Duncan and David Wilson
first on the life then on the outside
with a nice fake and he's sup buddy
hey on things we share enough for their
stylish mix berry lane those were coupe
left-hand edge by barry the logic that
wanted to maintain his hi my reputation
as he tried to him to the kingdom's
leading this exporter hood that's almost
an in-stock abu brighter duncanville aim
for the hook got it but late first-half
big black he was stealing the ship he
put in joining us as he singled it
leader to build le what's that up my
self-esteem body
the Kings will majestic in the fast as
they will enter the emission with I
point laid the start of the say half the
Spurs looks bread and butter Tim Duncan
I inside and Tim Duncan he's got 17 they
then look at other big mcdavid robbers
on the outside what boy came with
santonio Jean clothes Jason Williams to
do with dad's best use his qwizdom
weaknesses and play the path Defense
William Steele gets it back
late in the third sir and with this was
down by seven they won go and look to
Kim tinley charge
scheduled to fight the clock don't just
get on tin cup the labor and when the
spur the ball back look to their little
jig point guard hey Bronson make it a 20
screw men now look like what on the
ropes so they've needed a bus to end the
nan Tony run
now down I San Antonio got the ball lied
to dunk I'm surprised pimento we passed
in skills the score insta to pick up as
the teams went to battle be 86 black
working inside Lee throws mellows with a
handle the back siemens bangs lies
Lottie I'll put it on the hook on it
body has swype look for two more good
job
oh good 34 seconds 9290
what finish here of Sacramento dumpkins
gallery with a 20 second zero stony
affiliate Charles deplete their comeback
tie the game to the black he's got the
bucket in there just hired a basket by
even Robinson now Kings had a master
Brits up with just seconds ticket but he
could not break down the Spurs Dudley
great defense great dance on the par
spirit and the Kings to over with 1.9
second door all right let's see what it
hey Johnson with a lob inside it had
done he spins away the iron googoo gaga
over time and I mean he had a look
should have been a game-winner instead
of Duncan and in the game these teams
would fight out for five more minutes
this time Jason games and the Kings we
term in to finish up first so they came
out swinging the time period as they
looking for
time to take shout of the moon and he
knocks it down and better when he shoots
out of the move now you gotta back it up
some team d
one point in 95 94
tonight
after santonio cutty to what game wind
it back to his bag of truth and came up
with this sháá
his head three big bass here in overtime
yeah
with under ten set to go first tried one
final cut Duncan is so cool he has 32
points and a night now I three Spurs
foul and Maxwell hoping he would make no
foul that's what makes another point
game and EDD get the sacrament have
pulled us something exceptional the most
probable near 10 4 100 Gilbert I'm is a
final